# Generative-Chatbot-for-Poultry-Management-Information-System

# Project Objective
The study aims to develop a generative chatbot for the poultry management information system using Machine Learning Techniques.

# Project Scope
The Generative Chatbot for Poultry Management Information System concept would make it easier for users to do some fundamental tasks, like registering and logging in and out of the app or system. In addition to these fundamental features, the app would enable its intended users—poultry farmers, Farm managers, and IT operators—to electronically manage farm activities and obtain up-to-date data on poultry farm practice, prices, available routes, payment histories, and records. Additionally, the app has features that let system managers control toll prices, monitor revenue, view relevant toll data and statistics, override accounts, reply to user inquiries, and add, remove, or block users who don't follow the app's guidelines. 
The fundamental and technical restrictions connected to the use of some or all of the system's functions due to insufficient memory space or the use of outdated operating systems that do not support the newly created system's functionalities is the system's fundamental technical limitation. The inability of the suggested system to function in the event of a network or internet connection failure or a power outage on the devices it is installed on is another drawback. Nevertheless, without user input or usage, the application cannot carry out its intended purpose. Since a human will be using it, there is also a notice that mechanical and human faults are conceivable. 
The goal of the project (application) is to guarantee the accuracy and dependability of every feature. Additionally, the suggested system lacks a multilingual feature. Its features are only meant to react to users who speak English, as most African nations utilize English as their primary language of teaching. 

# Problem Statement 
As the world develops into a global network, the internet, cybersecurity, AI (Artificial intelligence), ML (Machine Learning) approaches and techniques, IoT devices, and embedded systems, as well as their associated frameworks, applications, and chatbots, have become its development's focal and pivot points [1]. This may have resulted in mankind relying on technological innovations, devices, and frameworks that aim at automating and improving the various walks of life, be it the educational sector, financial sector, government sector, or the social aspect of life as well as the agricultural sector through a profusion of useful and easy-to-use applications. 
Despite all these technological advancements, people (poultry farmers) in rural and sub-urban areas in some developing and developed countries may be unable to access agricultural knowledge and real-time information on adequate farming practices and activities to enhance informed decision-making as a result of most of these farmers relying on old traditional methods of farming. This follows a research study conducted by [2] which clearly states that despite the various agricultural significance to most countries' development, the sector confronts several obstacles and challenges, such as low productivity brought on by an overreliance on rain-fed farming, a limited ability to absorb improved technologies, insufficient technological development, dwindling public sector resources, climate change, a lack of dedicated extension and advisory services for the nation's commercial agriculture sector, a lack of strong farmer organizations, high transportation costs for farm inputs and outputs, inadequate and inefficient inputs and output markets, and restricted access to agricultural credit and market information cause farmers to make an uninformed decision. This highlights the need to create, assess, and deploy an improved generative chatbot for the poultry management information system that calls for group effort rather than only considering it to be the domain of IT/IS experts to improve decision-making on farms by these rural farmers effectively.
Poultry farming is greatly influenced by the size, health, diets (feed), breeds, and egg production as well as housing which goes a long way to increasing the gross expenditure of farmers and the burden of whether their birds are given the best supply needed to ensure the required growth and profit [3] [4]. According to [5], The price of materials for chicken feed has significantly grown during five years. This is because there is a growing demand for feed grains globally and more maize is being used to produce ethanol. This has increased production costs for the poultry business as a whole and reinforced the significance of feed efficiency for profitability. The selection of birds with higher feed efficiency is motivated by the impact of rising feed costs which does not influence profit. Some poultry farmers, however, may result in facing challenges in identifying an immediate feed to give as an alternative to the birds because the constant change in the feed, and antibiotics of the animals may result in low production of eggs and a drastic depreciation of the general health of the animals and lack of know-how and experience in the poultry business. This highlights the importance of a generative chatbot for the poultry management information system that seeks to enlighten the majority of small-scale chicken farmers by giving them access to trustworthy sources of information about poultry illnesses, feeds, housing, and breed varieties to improve poultry management practices.
Furthermore, poultry farming contributes massively to the economic growth of most countries by creating more job opportunities for its citizens [6] and producing highly nutritional meat consumed by millions of people [7], poultry farming contributes to pollution with ammonia, CH4, and N2O globally 2.1, 29.44, and 279 million tons CO2eq, respectively [8]. The involvement of pollution by poultry may be a result of some poultry farmers not knowing how to handle the byproducts of the birds which goes a long way to result in improper disposal and air-bone disease on the part of humans and other diseases like avian influenza, Marek’s diseases, Newcastle disease and po amongst these poultry birds. Developing a generative chatbot for the poultry management information system that is cheaper to deploy could be useful to these poultry farmers as they could explore to identify new strategies needed to mitigate and solve problems that emerge due to improper ways of handling waste or by-products on the farms.
